c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalculatorWP\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalculatorWP\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\Background.png
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalculatorWP\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\CalculatorWP.dll
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalculatorWP\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\CalculatorWP.pdb
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalculatorWP\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalculatorWP\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\CalculatorWP.xap
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalculatorWP\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalculatorWP\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalculatorWP\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\CalculatorWP.g.resources
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalculatorWP\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\CalculatorWP.dll
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalculatorWP\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\CalculatorWP.pdb
c:\users\houssem\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CalculatorWP\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\Background.png
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\CalculatorWP.dll
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\CalculatorWP.pdb
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\CalculatorWP.xap
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\CalculatorWP.g.resources
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\CalculatorWP.dll
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\CalculatorWP.pdb
C:\Users\Szymander\Downloads\C#\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\Background.png
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\CalculatorWP.dll
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\CalculatorWP.pdb
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\Bin\Release\CalculatorWP.xap
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\CalculatorWP.g.resources
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\CalculatorWP.dll
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\CalculatorWP.pdb
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Szymander\Desktop\APLIKACJE MOBILNE\calc\CalculatorWP\obj\Release\start.g.i.cs
